BULLETIN.md, before:

# Website and Documentation Site 📰📖
Check out *https://agpt.co*, the official news & updates site for Auto-GPT!
The documentation also has a place here, at *https://docs.agpt.co*

# For contributors 👷🏼
Since releasing v0.3.0, whave been working on re-architecting the Auto-GPT core to make it more extensible and make room for structural performance-oriented R&D.

Check out the contribution guide on our wiki:
https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT/wiki/Contributing

# 🚀 v0.4.1 Release 🚀
Two weeks and 50+ pull requests have passed since v0.4.0, and we are happy to announce the release of v0.4.1!

Highlights and notable changes since v0.4.0:
- The .env.template is more readable and better explains the purpose of each environment variable.
- More dependable search
    - The CUSTOM_SEARCH_ENGINE_ID variable has been replaced to GOOGLE_CUSTOM_SEARCH_ENGINE_ID, make sure you update it.
- Better read_file
- More reliable python code execution
- Lots of JSON error fixes
- Directory-based plugins

## Further fixes and changes 🛠️
Under the hood, we've done a bunch of work improving architectures and streamlining code. Most of that won't be user-visible

## Take a look at the Release Notes on Github for the full changelog!
https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT/releases

Commit message:

Bulletin.md updates and version toggling (#4816)
Co-authored-by: uta <122957026+uta0x89@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: merwanehamadi <merwanehamadi@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: lukas-eu <62448426+lukas-eu@users.noreply.github.com>

BULLETIN.md, after:

# Website and Documentation Site 📰📖
Check out *https://agpt.co*, the official news & updates site for Auto-GPT!
The documentation also has a place here, at *https://docs.agpt.co*

# For contributors 👷🏼
Since releasing v0.3.0, whave been working on re-architecting the Auto-GPT core to make it more extensible and make room for structural performance-oriented R&D.

Check out the contribution guide on our wiki:
https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT/wiki/Contributing

# 🚀 v0.4.3 Release 🚀
We're happy to announce the 0.4.3 maintenance release, which primarily focuses on refining the LLM command execution,
extending support for OpenAI's latest models (including the powerful GPT-3 16k model), and laying the groundwork 
for future compatibility with OpenAI's function calling feature.

Key Highlights:
- OpenAI API Key Prompt: Auto-GPT will now courteously prompt users for their OpenAI API key, if it's not already provided.
- Summarization Enhancements: We've optimized Auto-GPT's use of the LLM context window even further.
- JSON Memory Reading: Support for reading memories from JSON files has been improved, resulting in enhanced task execution.
- Deprecated commands, removed for a leaner, more performant LLM: analyze_code, write_tests, improve_code, audio_text, web_playwright, web_requests
## Take a look at the Release Notes on Github for the full changelog!
https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT/releases
